# My-Visual-Analytics-Tool
Multimorbidity, which is defined as the presence of multiple chronic diseases, is a growing health care problem especially for older adults. The traditional single-disease-centric approaches are no longer efficient to address the challenge of multimorbidity and a holistic framework is required to create effective prevention and treatment strategies. Therefore, I designed a visual analytics system for investigating multimorbidity patterns. Visual analytics is defined as the science of analytical reasoning facilitated by interactive visual interfaces. Unlike many studies in multimorbidity whose patterns are represented using simple tables and graphs, my system employs interactive visualizations. Through these visualizations, users can interact with different subsets of data and select a set of chronic diseases as well as several categories of age, gender and socioeconomic scores for investigation. To do so, the system uses statistical and machine learning algorithms including count-based conditional probability, binary logistic regression, softmax regression and decision tree to compute and visualize prevalence and correlation estimates of the diseases. Machine learning models are trained on the data to perform learning tasks by relying on patterns and inference created from the observations. Every time by every selection, the visualizations update the prevalence and correlation of diseases. The visual analytics system can be used in different areas of healthcare or other disciplines where investigating the associations between random variables with joint probability distributions is interesting.
#Flask
Flask is a Python web framework and does not require particular tools or libraries. It has no database abstraction layer, form validation, or any other components where pre-existing third-party libraries provide common functions. 
#D3.js
D3 (Data-Driven Documents) is a JavaScript library for producing dynamic, interactive data visualizations in web browsers. It is widely used to manipulate documents based on data. D3 helps you bring data to life using HTML, SVG, and CSS. D3’s emphasis on web standards gives you the full capabilities of modern browsers without tying yourself to a proprietary framework, combining powerful visualization components and a data-driven approach to DOM manipulation.
